>> Brian: So let me show you
something else that's really useful.
If you just hover over
something like this,
it'll give you the function definition.
But if you actually Cmd+click on it, it's
gonna take you into the type definition so
you can see exactly what's in here.
>> Brian: So this gives you back,
>> Brian: A S and
Dispatch<SetState.
So it actually doesn't have
a specific type of what it does.
Okay, that's good to know.
>> Brian: Yep, same thing.
So what I'm looking at here
is after this colon here,
I was trying to see if hooks had
a specific type they returned.
And it just tells you,
no, it returns an array.
So we just have to type that.
>> Brian: So
this isn't quite correct, yet.
What we want this to be is,
this createContext, is going to be, and
we're going to give it what's
here called a type parameter.
And it's gonna be a string.
>> Brian: Array of string and a,
>> Brian: Theme: string,
and this returns to you, void.
So it doesn't return anything, okay?
>> Brian: The other thing we forgot to.
We have to rename ThemeContext to be .tsx.
>> Brian: You also gotta name this .ts
cuz there's not any JSX in it, but
I just rename everything
TSX at this point, so.
>> Brian: Okay, and
that's all we have to do for this.
What this is doing is this
is telling createContext
what kind of thing we're gonna give it,
right?
And we told it we're gonna
give you a string, right?
And we're gonna give you a function
that takes in a string and
doesn't give back anything, right?
Which is what this is.
Make sense?
It's like a parameter to a type.
>> Speaker 2: It's not like that